# H1 A2J Sample Database Content

## H2 Creating the Database
1. Create DocumentDB account in your Azure subscription (either use the A2J ARM template or use CreateDocumentDb.ps1 script)
2. Create database called A2JDatabase
3. Download DocumentDB Data Migration Tool (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/import-data)
4. Using the tool, import json files provided in the SampleData folder and create collections with the same names (e.g. import Topics.jsson into Topics collection)


## H2 DocumentDB Collections 
*UserProfiles* - stores basic information about the user when they choose to create a profile on the site.

*UserSavedResources* - stores references to the site's resources (articles, topics, etc..) that the user chose to save to their profile so that they can find them later as a set of bookmarks. 

*CuratedExperienceAnswers* - records user's responses to the interaction with curated experience. 

*StaticResources* - site content such as static page text content and references to images (stored in blob storage), e.g. content on landing or About Us pages.

*Resources* - site's resources such as articles, videos, etc... that are authored by state admins and ara mapped to topics. 

*Topics* - site's topic and subtopic hierarchy that is maintained by state admins. 

*UserRoles* - mapping of user account to site's roles. 

*PersonalizedActioPlans* - when personalized plans are generated by the Guided Assistant, they are stored in this collection. 

*A2JAuthorTemplates* - used for curated experience import

*CuratedExperiences* - definition of curated experiences (guided interviews) that are available to users of the site. 

